
    Cover Page
    Properly Formatted Table of Contents
    Introduction and Brand/Company Overview
        Company Origin and Brief History
        Products and Services
        Key Mergers and Acquisitions across the globe (if any)
    Global Industry Overview
        Market share across the globe/ in specific continents
        Key competitors (find two) and their performance
        Market outlook
    Overview of Current Global Footprint (Countries and Regions Where Sold)
        International Markets and Regions
            Where are the brand's products/services sold/provided?
            Do the products/services differ from market to market?
                If so, why? Do they address specific needs and or cultural values?
            Has the brand had any major international failures or had to exit specific markets because of poor sales?
    Overview of Global/Local/Regional Marketing & Advertising Strategies
        Global marketing/advertising spend (if identifiable)
        Local/Regional marketing/advertising spend (if identifiable)
        Global marketing/advertising strategies
            How have these changed over time?
    Breakdown of Large-Scale Dimensional Models
        How do the brand's products/services, marketing and advertising efforts address the following large-scale dimensional models we discussed in the lectures? Do these differ from country to country? Can you think of any specific examples?
            Individualism vs. Collectivism
            Power Distance
            Long vs. Short-Term Orientation
            Motivation for Achievement and Success
            Uncertainty Avoidance
            Any Other Dimensions?
    How Does the Brand Capitalize on Consumer Behavior
        Consider the following here:
            Consumer Attributes
            Social Processes
            Mental Processes
    Conclusion
        Provide a summary of the information addressed in the report
    Works Cited Page (APA or MLA Formatting)
    Appendix (If Needed – APA or MLA Formatting)

